oh I like car driving I survived of
course music and drive let's ask her yes
I can drive very well except of the few
accidents yeah a few accidents yeah
lucky the car I'm a wife search
I don't think whoopsy okay I'm gonna
park a car yeah we're very sorry for you
oh it's okay let's go - guys girls yeah
sky blue hi I've missed you oh me too
no girls honey bee oh she's crazy of him
you're a guy who wants a hug hmm Oh Musa
oh here
Oh flora the next day it's Layla
sweating turns into them
- them - they'll turn into them turned
about them we are to connect to people
as I do I do
I'm amongst you what are you doing I'm
gonna ruin this party come on girls
yeah
we're gonna rule this party
[Applause]